It uses factories of factory
The Abstract Factory Design Pattern is a creational pattern that provides an interface for creating families of
 related objects without specifying their concrete classes. It is often referred to as a "factory of factories"
 because it provides a higher level of abstraction compared to the Factory Method Pattern.

 When to  use-
 When object creation should be independent of client code – This ensures that new products can be added without
 modifying existing client code.
 When enforcing consistency among objects – If you want a set of objects to always be used together, like ensuring UI
 elements of a specific theme match.

 Why Use Abstract Factory Instead of Factory Method?
 The Abstract Factory Pattern is used when you need to create families of related objects that must be used together.
 On the other hand, the Factory Method Pattern is used when you need to create only one type of object.

 If you have multiple related products (e.g., buttons and checkboxes for different OS), Abstract Factory is the
 right choice.
 If you only need to create a single object (e.g., only a Vehicle), Factory Method is enough.

 Key Differences Between Factory Method and Abstract Factory
 Feature	                        Factory Method Pattern	                                                    Abstract Factory Pattern
 Definition	                           A method in a class that creates a specific type of object.	          A factory of factories that creates families of related objects.
 Level of OOPS.Abstraction	            Focuses on creating a single product.	                                   Focuses on creating multiple related products.
 Number of Products Created	Creates      one product at a time.	                                              Creates multiple related products together.
 Use Case	                            When a single type of object needs to be created, and subclasses decide which class to instantiate.	                     When a group of related objects needs to be created together.


----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
The Abstract Factory design pattern is a creational design pattern that provides an interface for creating
families of related or dependent objects without specifying their concrete classes.
Example- . Suppose you want to buy a phone so what you will do you will go to a phone store and will ask for your
 desired phone to the seller , now the seller has phones of different companies he will give you your desired
 phone to you . So here you can see that phone store is a factory of phone that contains phones from different
  factories . We can say that phone store is a super factory .

  client- phone store(Super factory) -> Iphone , onePlus , SumSung(sub factory) -> iphone(12,12pro) ,oneOlus(2,4),Sumsung(s23,s24)



  “The Factory Method pattern is focused on a single method used to create an object, often relying on
  subclassing. In contrast, the Abstract Factory pattern provides an interface or object with multiple factory
   methods to create a family of related objects.”